GitHub: create issue templates (#401)
ocaml-sf/learn-ocaml: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: 'Bug:'
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

> Related issue(s) or PR(s): 
> Related project scope(s) (ex: client, CSS, grading, etc...) : 
> Related user(s): 

## Bug description

A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

### To Reproduce

Steps to reproduce the behavior:

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

### Expected behavior

A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

> ### Screenshots
> If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Screenshots

If applicable, add screenshots to document your problem.
```
